hey guys I said it I did it and I'm
doing it with a cup of caffeine pretty
unpaid endorsement I should cover up the
brand so 24 hours ago I put up a notice
that I was going to livestream here on
you now the link is below this video and
here we are 24 hours later setting it up
I'm now in Victoria BC Canada this is my
first day back in Canada after
approximately two years living in China
and I'm gonna talk about many things
during this livestream including me
including whatever you guys want to talk
about there's an open comments section
you guys can ask me questions or
interact with me
but it is true that somewhat weighing on
my mind is reflecting on what this
YouTube channel has been in the past
what it could be or should be in the
future the relative failure of my
patreon which has been talked about for
years to fully one year I remember
talking about that already did I regard
the patreon as a failure what I'm gonna
do in terms of real word at world
activism trying to engage in the theater
of ideas talking about political
philosophy in ways that matter for
veganism and ways that matter for Canada
ways the matter for my own life um
what's possible in terms of getting
organized collaborating with others
using the Internet as a platform to
engage in meaningful political activism
and advocacy lobbying etc but then
beyond that also my experience now we're
about three years into this game uh my
experience indicating to me that in many
ways I probably should move away from
using the Internet as a platform that
instead I should do some other things
like maybe working at vegan food
services talking about enrolling in
college to learn to become bakers baking
bread etc um what else can I do
to create a platform for that that vegan
message that simple but you know elusive
goal that veganism is often going to
words I said this H days years ago it
sounded different in the context of just
say two years ago I said look you look
around at all these YouTube channels
vegan YouTube channels and they talk
about saving the world how would you
really be living your life today
if save the planet for the motto you
live by that was what mattered
that wasn't motivate you in life right
well I still ask myself that question
nice tool ask oh there's that question
and that's in a sense the big question
going on the background about what's
going on in my career my education and
most obviously this YouTube and patreon
channel